---
layout: post
title: stuff i liked in 2023
date: 2023-12-02
author: 
header: 
header-alt: 
tags:
---
here's a bunch of stuff i liked this year. 

# Dennis Cooper
it's like something was missing from my life before I read _Frisk_. ive never had to read everything  
# _Rayuela_ by Julio Cortézar
this is like my bible. anything advertised with 'eschews traditional narrative structure' is like catnip to me. unfortunately i had to read it linearly instead of jumping around as recommended cause i pirated an EPUB.  
# _Shot & Chaser_ by E.K/bigbigtruck
i latched on to indie comics and yaoi scanlations in middle school cause i was already terminally online. tj & amal was life-changing. bigbigtruck's work just gets right to the heart of stuff. _SAC_ is so economical with its characterizations, just fleshing out an entire Type of Guy in a few pages. And I love how much they're putting into the weather illustrations.
# xhamster.com
porn does nothing for me. but I love to study it. I started getting into that on pornhub right as FOSTA-SESTA hit and everyone not made of 80% silicone and steroids got nixed. it's among my greatest disappointments i'll never be able to watch "French Man Sucks Off Homeless Man Who Reminds Him Of His Father" in full. I'm very grateful to xhamster for the service it provides of connecting me with nasty low-budget amateur porn.

The favorite encounter I've had so far is _Family Cuckhold_, which is like Ryan Trecartin meets John Waters in an eruption of oedipal bricolage. all of their videos are visual assaults, loosly stitched together sex and skits of paternal overthrow and humiliation, each treated with equal importance-- which, if you're into incestual cuckoldry, it is. I'm not. it's just fascinating.  
# RSS Feeds
social media is over. it's been over. get an rss reader. start a blog. follow a webcomic. read multi-paragraph articles. reclaim your attention span. use a read-later service. highlight stuff you like. live!  
# Firefox's Reader View

There's a little button in the address bar on firefox that lets you strip all the formatting from articles and adjust the typography how you see fit. Which is fucking great, because no one on earth knows how to format a fucking article. 
# Xiu Xiu
i keep telling guys i date about xiu xiu and they keep on dumping me. coincidence?
# _The Land Is Inhospitable And So Are We_ - Mitski
I think I'm getting old. or just depressed. it's getting harder for me to get super into new music these days. there's just so much. how do people stay on top of everything when there's new indie and electroacoustic and hyperpop and field recordings and breakcore revival or whatever... every goddamn day... 

_The Land_ is an exception. This is some great American songbook shit. "My Love Mine All Mine" could've been written in 1930. 

Mitski sounds good as hell when you don't have a Swiftie in your ear agreeing with you.
# _Praise a Lord Who Chews but Which Does Not Consume; (Or Simply, Hot Between Worlds)_ - Yves Tumor

ur making me uncomfortable uh uh uhl. 
# Dark Reader - Browser Extension
I fucking love dark mode. dark mode everything. i hate graphic design. i hate web 3.0. let me look at everything in plain text without images. if you ask me to sign up for your newsletter before ive even read your article i'm never coming back. give me the recipe up top.    

# _Fucked Up_ by Damien Ark
Damien Ark's _Fucked Up_ is like getting impressions done at the dentist. _Fucked Up_ is like finding your dad's porn stash.  _Fucked Up_ watching a Q & A get interrupted by a flat earther. _Fucked Up_ is like watching How It's Made backwards and watching gelatin turn into animals. 

Something i loved about _Fucked Up_ is how joyfully it throws out the names of songs. [Here's every song and album mentioned](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/67ywY2ipS0NH4H1ep9hro5?si=7afa0fdf64794810). 



